I understood, thank you, I will wait and
i just got a phone call not
Said that the stones are going to some surprise
I wonder what it's like and he
wow there are a lot of different convolutions
probably it is gifts that's for sure
little spirit
and here it is a bottle give more
unpack and see what's in there
[music]
yes it is not a perfume at all
Fix the cartoon toe here
and I will unpack the next bundle and who is this
i know it
fire-fire friend toe is 9 years old and he
studying in the same class with simka you know
sim card
while I will unpack the next heart
and this
shpulya the kindest girl fixed shpulya
fire esya all go to the same school
[music]
and this is who where the berto is the most beautiful
girl in class she knows how to be friends and
always helps everyone let's unpack
one more bundle what do you think is there
inside guessed and this is simka so in
bodywork
still something left a big bundle
lights calm
[music]
this is papus
and maya papus and maia
parents of the video and sims they have very
I am happy inquisitive and intelligent family
fixed as I'm glad you all came to
let me visit oh
But how can we take a picture together?
someone has to take a picture of you
don't know what's on the phone
front camera front camera
what is this sim card look when you
taking pictures of your friends they are watching
over here
smiles and it turns out the photo but
if you want to take a picture of yourself
you need to turn the phone and look here in
I understood this little camera simka
maybe you will explain not how
switch the phone to this front
camera now tell you turn on the phone
understood
[music]
Now go to the menu settings choose
the camera and now appears on the phone
Here is the icon
now you see on screen what
phone hello but if you click here
here
camera icon with two arrows
who will you see what is before
screen award and
thank you simka i understood
Now we will be photographed all
ready and
[music]
very nice it turned out they are not all sorry
climbed home not everything climbed because
your hands are short the camera is not enough
far from us with you but in order to
make good photos there
special fixture selfie stick
[music]
this is this stick masha paste the phone
special clamp here i will try
we take the phone it seems it turns out so
I got a phone on a stick like
ice cream popsicle papus what do i do
further masha same telescopic stick
Bring the phone up I try to look like
fishing rod as if to say right away
here is this beam
how long everyone is ready to take pictures
do not take pictures but help simka toe
how can i click on the camera
Masha turns now look
setting the timer is enough for us 5 seconds
I think that yes then everyone is ready to press 5
seconds I press the button photo 5 4 3 2 1
[music]
thank you fix
how many interesting things we are always with you
find out you liked this video you
you can collect your collection of fixes and
invent your own interesting story
recording it on camera don't send us
we will wait
true fix yes true